Question: How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

I found using the diff function to be incredibly helpful because I wan't searching through
thousands of lines of code. It was quick, simple, and effective. I've never saved an old
version of a file because I didn't see the use of it other than taking up file space. But
I can see that having a tool like diff will make saving different versions helfful in
debugging any code that I happen to write.
It also gives me more confidence. I can write code now and change things and not worry
about having to do a tedious search to find where my mistake was. I can code with more
confidence!!!
It's also just cool!

Question: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

I can be a more effective programmer in the long term because I can use my old versions as
a refference when building new apps. I can also see my progression as a coder. I'm 
constantly growing and learning, so it would be cool to see how I used to code and how I
code now. Sometime to update something and make it better you need to go to an earlier
version and try a different path.

Question: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

I like manualy saving because that means when I chose to save, the file will be in a state
that I find to be a logical save point. The drawback is that I easily forget to do things,
especially when in the middle of coding.
I like having versions automatically saved because then I don't have to worry that my brain
won't betray me and have me forget. The downside is that the automatic saves would not make
logical sense and would probably not be able to help me when debugging or tring to find
differences.

Quesiotn: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

I would venture to say that Git is specific to code which is very frequently linked with
other files, so it would make sense to have it same it with related files. Google Docs and
other systems are most likely used primarily in single file situations, so it would not
make as much sense to have it automatically save with multiple files.

Question: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

I can use the git log to quickly look over the notes of specific changes that have been
made to help me narrow down which version I want to look at. Once I know the specific
version I need to look at I can then use git diff to find what the specific code changes
were made.

Question: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

It gives me more confidence to make changes because even if my changes do break something
in the code, I can always go back to a time when it was working. I'll never lose all my
hard work.

Question: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to try and use git for building my android apps. I'm learning so many cool things
that I can do in android studio, and now I can use git to help me manage and debug my code.

Question: 